This directory is for running an
incremental version of the TeX TRIP acceptance test
(god help you if you want to!).  This readme assumes you are
familiar with the standard TRIP test.
The cononical batch trip test is in the subdirectory TeXTrip.

1. If you are going to change any memory parameters, go
into INIT and do a make to build a new initex.
Now make a new trip.fmt file with the command

    initex -b trip

(You will get a bunch of normal error messages, ones that
the trip test is designed to test.  It is also cleverly designed
to dump trip.fmt if it sees initex is executing.
initex's purpose is now done, but you may want to wait
until you have finished all the tests before deleting it)

Now, cd .. back to the original directory.  

2. now, do a make in the trip directory to build a new virtex.
Now, undump a incremental version of triptex from this virtex:

    virtex -b \&trip

When it gives you a * prompt press CTRL \ (backslash)
After a while it will say that it has dumped core.
Now type:

    undump triptex virtex core
    rm core

3. Now, examine the file tripmakefile.  Note that
   the trip.tex file here has some extra comments
   compared to the normal trip.tex file; line numbers
   in the log will differ from the canonical "good" log.
   To compare a complete run vs. the good run,
   see the comments about "compare vs. batch run" in
   tripmakefile on how to change the makefile, then say
   
   make -f tripmakefile
  
   To check how inctex is restarting, edit trip.tex and
   make some kind of change to one of the comment lines
   that starts with %%%%%% Incremental formatting test
   and write the file.  Do make -f tripmakefile again.
   (Disable the "compare vs. batch run" steps)

   triptex will reformat pages n..16, depending on
   which comment you changed.  Tripmakefile then
   checks that each dvi page written in INC contains
   the proper information...
   - check that INC/trip.*.typ.diff has 0 length
   - check that tripos.diff shows no diff's in the tripos.log file
   - check that trip.log.diff  shows no diff's in the trip.log file
   - finally, it will show you what new dvi files were created (1 for
     each new page), make sure this makes sense.

4. You can use ../bin/mergepages to put the dvi files together and
   check against the canonical trip.dvi in TeXTrip.  There is one
   tricky thing.  inctex keeps the current page in INC/tmp.dvi,
   and the last page in trip.tex is actually aborted, so a compare
   will actually show the tail is missing.  To get the last page for
   comparison, use dbx to stop triptex in wrapup_inc, copy
   INC/tmp.dvi to INC/trip.17.dvi, then continue.
